or he loves her the truth is very good afternoon
the health of the municipality of Fusa and in this
winery is registering this fire
What he did at 10 o'clock in the morning
that you observe is a warehouse in the
who are dedicated to working with foam for
that reason the fire and the conflagration
of course then
increased markedly with the passing of
minutes fortunately the firemen so much
of municipalities like funsa madrid mosquera
even Bogota firefighters are
controlling the situation we have been told
this fire that began around
10 in the morning is already controlled in a
75% fortunately there are no people
injured or wounded people still
there are many ambulances in the place in
If there is any situation
immediately started the fire we
some employees told that
course they had to evacuate this
winery as they see in the images the
firefighters try to control the
conflagration
we were told that he will act
we heard a pop and when
came out was the the anmat you that that
they say and then there were outbursts and we
They told us to evacuate and then
they told us that there's next there was a
winery of acpm that we had to
withdraw more and we had to go now
this is a pretty volatile fuel
what generates that there was need
to evacuate both the cellar next door
like those from the front to be able to work
efficiently this is a park
industrial where it is composed of
different wineries of different more than
products that they manage although it was what
happened to see we have the report of
beginning of the conformation on the 10
in the morning we still have not been able
review well the causes of what could
have generated this fire